OntoLex Minutes - 26/2/25
==========================

Present: John M, Jorge G, Paula, Elisa S, Elena MP, Fahad K, Manuel F, Patricia MC, Sara C, Ana S, Lesley M, Max I, Gilles S

- Terminological Requirements
  - Note/usage information also linked to lexical entry
  - Sources 
    - No citation class in FrAC (ask at public review?)
  - Reliability
    - within scope of standardisation?
  - Status
    - [AP] investigate existing standards
- Lexicographic Requirements
  - Combined requirements based on Dec 11 meeting
  - Need to clarify scope of this model (especially with respect to presentation of data vs. data model)
  - Relation to lexicog
    - Will the new core replace lexicog fully?
- [AP: John] Turn all requirements into GitHub issues
- [AP: John] Poll for next meeting
